Adding onboarding docs and configuring live preview (#5333)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/how-to/get-set-engine-knob.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Learn how to get/set engine knob configurations in hipDNN
  :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, API, how-to 

.. _set-engine-knobs:

********************************************

> Get/set engine knob configurations in hipDNN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get and set engine knob configurations in hipDNN
```

********************************************

> hipDNN has a flexible engine configuration knobs system that allows plugin developers to expose custom runtime settings and enables end-users to adjust these settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hipDNN has a flexible system of engine configuration knobs that lets plugin developers expose custom runtime settings that end users can then adjust. 
```

.. note::

    For a conceptual overview of configuring engine settings using hipDNN knobs, see :ref:`knobs`.

Query available knobs
=====================

> Use the hipDNN frontend to discover what knobs an engine supports and their constraints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the hipDNN frontend to discover which knobs an engine supports and their constraints:
```

          } else if (std::holds_alternative<double>(defaultVal)) {
              std::cout << "Default: " << std::get<double>(defaultVal) << "\n";
          } else if (std::holds_alternative<std::string>(defaultVal)) {
              std::cout << "Default: " << std::get<std::string>(defaultVal) << "\n";
          }

          // Check constraints
          const IConstraint* constraint = knob.constraint();
          if (constraint) {
              std::cout << "Constraint: " << constraint->toString() << "\n";
          }

          std::cout << "---\n";
      }
  } else {
      std::cerr << "Error getting knobs: " << error.get_message() << "\n";
  }

Use the knob lookup map
=======================

Use the lookup method to access the knob ID:

.. code:: cpp

  std::unordered_map<std::string, Knob> knobMap;
  auto error = graph.get_knob_lookup_for_engine(engineId, knobMap);

  if (error.is_good()) {
      auto it = knobMap.find("global.benchmarking");
      if (it != knobMap.end()) {
          const Knob& benchmarkingKnob = it->second;
          // Use the knob...
      }
  }

Set knob values
===============

> You can set knob values when creating an execution plan. Here's an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the knob values when creating an execution plan. Here's an example:
```

.. code:: cpp

  #include <hipdnn_frontend.hpp>

  using namespace hipdnn_frontend;

  Graph graph;
  // ... setup and build graph ...

  // Create knob settings
  std::vector<KnobSetting> settings;

  // Set integer knob
  settings.emplace_back("global.benchmarking", 1);

  // Set int64 knob
  settings.emplace_back("global.workspace_size_limit", 1024000LL);

  // Set float knob
  settings.emplace_back("some.float_knob", 0.5);

  // Set string knob
  settings.emplace_back("some.string_knob", std::string("value"));

  // Create execution plan with these settings
  auto error = graph.create_execution_plan_ext(engineId, settings);

  if (error.is_good()) {
      std::cout << "Execution plan created successfully with custom knob settings\n";
  } else {
      std::cerr << "Error: " << error.get_message() << "\n";
  }

Use type-safe knob setting
--------------------------

> Refer to this sample code for type-safe knob setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to this sample code to implement type-safe knob settings:
```

.. code:: cpp

  // KnobSetting constructor is type-safe
  KnobSetting intSetting("test.knob", 42);                    // int64_t
  KnobSetting floatSetting("test.knob", 3.14);                // double
  KnobSetting stringSetting("test.knob", std::string("val")); // string

  // You can also update values later
  intSetting.setValue(100);

Use the default knob values
===========================

> If you don't specify a knob setting, the engine will use the default value defined by the knob. To explicitly use defaults for all knobs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify a knob setting, the engine will use the default value defined by the knob. To explicitly use defaults for all knobs, follow this example:
```

.. code:: cpp

  // Option 1: Don't specify any settings (simplest)
  auto error = graph.create_execution_plan_ext(engineId, {});

  // Option 2: Specify only the knobs you want to customize
  std::vector<KnobSetting> settings;
  settings.emplace_back("global.benchmarking", 1);  // Only customize this one
  auto error = graph.create_execution_plan_ext(engineId, settings);

.. note::

  - All knob settings are validated against their constraints when creating an execution plan. Invalid values will result in an error with a descriptive message.
  - If you specify a knob that doesn't exist for the engine, hipDNN will log a warning but continue. This allows forward compatibility when new knobs are added.
  - If a knob is marked as deprecated, hipDNN will log a warning when you use it, but the knob will still function normally.

Best practices
==============

For development
---------------

- **Start with defaults**: Use default knob values during initial development.
- **Profile first**: Measure baseline performance before tuning knobs.

> - **Query knobs**: Always check available knobs and their constraints using ``get_knobs_for_engine()``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Query knobs**: Always check the available knobs and their constraints using ``get_knobs_for_engine()``.
```

> - **Test incremental changes**: Modify one knob at a time to understand impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Test incremental changes**: Modify one knob at a time to understand the impact.
```

For production
--------------

- **Enable benchmarking during warm-up**:

  .. code:: cpp

    // Warm-up phase
    std::vector<KnobSetting> warmupSettings;
    warmupSettings.emplace_back("global.benchmarking", 1);
    graph.create_execution_plan_ext(engineId, warmupSettings);

    // Execute a few times to populate cache
    for (int i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
        graph.execute(handle, variantPack, workspace);
    }

> - **Use cached results in production**: After warm-up, benchmarking can be disabled as results are cached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use cached results in production**: After warm-up, benchmarking can be disabled because the results are cached.
```
